Beginning of story

Autumnfall outside of a tavern, to the right is the bank that was recently robbed and to the left is the shopping district that includes a armor shop, weapons shop, pet shop (Horses and such), and many other things

Entering the Tavern: 

Entering the tavern, the doors swing open by your hands with a swoosh and close back behind you with a whoosh! Looking ahead of yourself, seeing the tavern dimly lit, half the tables occupied by average men and women of the town drowning their worries away from the oh so uneasy day. In the left corner, there is a bulletin board that is 3 feet off the ground with two more posted 6 feet off the ground and then one places 8 feet off the ground, this was a very progressive tavern catering to people of all sizes to make wanted posters easier for viewing. Over in the right corner of the tavern there is a round table fit enough for the king himself!... If there was a king. Bah who needs ‘em, we just have Mayors now a days so kings and queens cannot unfairly rule!... Ahem sorry back to what I was saying, The right back corner of the tavern has a round table that would be fit for a king!... If ther-wait hold up already did that mini rant. The round table looks as if it can fit 10 people comfortably and 15 in a pinch, There are 6 people at the table having a great time playing poker, as you can hear from their laughter and chatter filling the tavern enough to make it seem lively. In the center back of the tavern, there is the bar which raises around 5 feet off the ground for a good platform to lean up against and woo the ladies with your fedora topped, fingerless glove wearing, neckbeard having “Alpha males” on the weekends. Behind that counter has a older man who looks to be in his late 50’s, serving glasses full of ale and or beer to patrons with a smile that never left his face. His eye brows furled slightly as he looks to the entrance to see who has entered, Having a smile that grew only slightly as he greets you in a lively manner obviously loving his job and or having just started it.
